[HTTP applications] New tile (#4484)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/http-applications/how-to/manage-applications-and-versions.md

---
title: Manage applications and versions
pcx-content-type: how-to
weight: 1
---

# Manage applications and versions

Application definition.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

During the open Beta, you can only interact with applications and versions using the Cloudflare dashboard.

{{</Aside>}}

---

## Create new HTTP application

{{<render file="_create-application.md">}}

---

## Create new version of application

When you create a new version of your HTTP application, Cloudflare copies all the configuration settings from an existing application version and creates a new version:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).
```

2. Select your account.
3. Go to **HTTP Applications**.
4. Select an existing application.
5. On the newest version, click **Clone**.

---

## Edit a version

{{<render file="_edit-version.md">}}

You can also leave **Edit** mode by clicking the back arrow next to HTTP Applications in your navigation menu.

![Leave edit mode by clicking the back arrow](/http-applications/static/exit-edit-mode.png)

---

## Delete HTTP application

To delete an HTTP application:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).
```
